TRIDENT-17611 - Automation Service for LA (#2091)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/cse/integrations/automation-service.md

:::info Limited availability
The Automation Service is available on a limited availability (LA) basis. If you would like the Automation Service enabled in your Cloud SIEM Enterprise environment, contact your Sumo Logic account representative.
:::

## About the Automation Service

The Automation Service for Cloud SIEM Enterprise (CSE) uses [Cloud SOAR automation](/docs/cloud-soar/automation/) capabilities to allow you to define and automate smart actions, including enrichments and notifications. These actions can be automatically triggered when certain events occur in CSE, helping you to quickly investigate, understand, and react to potential security threats.

You can interact with the service through [automations](#automations), which execute playbooks. [Playbooks](#playbooks)  are composed of one or more [actions](#add-an-action-node-to-a-playbook) with a workflow that could include parallel actions and logic steps. Actions are included with [integrations](#integrations). Sumo Logic provides a number of integrations, actions, and playbooks with the service that you can customize. You can also create your own.

> :::note Limited availability

Reviewer: In lines 12-14, it's a Limited availability admonition labeled `info` (blue block), but here it's labeled `note`. Maybe make them the same for consistency?

Author: Fixed. I changed it to `info`.

:::

### Benefits

* The Automation Service supports enrichment, notification, and custom actions:
  * Enrichment actions can be used to gather additional information about an Entity or Insight, including [threat indicators](#threat-indicators).
  * Notification actions can be used to send notifications or update status in systems like Cloud SIEM, the Continuous Intelligence Platform (CIP), Slack, Microsoft Teams, Jira, email, and so on.
* Automations can be triggered automatically when an Insight is created or closed. Automations can also be executed manually via the Cloud SIEM UI and API.
* Playbooks can contain both enrichment and notification actions. Playbooks can also be nested. So, for example, you could define a playbook that is executed automatically when an Insight is created that gathers enrichment data. And if the data returned includes a malicious threat indicator:
  1. Changes the Insight state to “In Progress”.
  1. Assigns the Insight.
  1. Sends a (customized) email with information about the Insight and indicator.
  1. Creates a Slack channel for the Insight.

>   1. Invites certain people to the Slack channel.

Author: I'm keeping it as-is. They are not steps that we're asking a reader to follow, but they are sequential events.

:::note
* The Automation Service is intended to replace the legacy [Insight Actions](/docs/cse/administration/create-cse-actions#insight-actions) and the [Insight Enrichment Server](/docs/cse/integrations/insight-enrichment-server/). All of the actions and integrations provided with those capabilities are included in the Automation Service (though some may require “on-premise” deployment through the [bridge](#bridge)). Those capabilities will be deprecated later in 2023.

> * The Automation Service is enabled to allow customers to execute up to 10,000 actions per day. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Automation Service allows you to execute up to 10,000 actions per day. 
```

1. In the left navigation bar of Sumo Logic, select **Administration > Users and Roles**.
1. Click the **Roles** tab. 
1. Click **Add Role** to create a new role for users of the Automation Service. Alternatively, you can select an existing role in the **Roles** tab and click **Edit**.
1. Add the following capabilities:
   * Cloud SIEM Enterprise
     * Configuration
       * View Automations
       * Manage Automations
       * Execute Automations
   * Cloud SOAR
     * View Cloud SOAR
     * Automation Playbooks
       * Access
       * Configure
1. Follow the directions in our [tour the Automation Service](#tour-the-automation-service) to verify that you can see the **Automation** option in the **Configuration** menu.

:::note
To interact with most of the Automation Service features, you must have at least View Automations, View Cloud SOAR, and Access Playbooks permissions.
:::

#### Authorize integrations

To use [integrations](#integrations), you must authorize their resources for use in the Automation Service.
1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the Cloud SIEM UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

* `POST /automations`. Create an automation
* `POST /automations/execute`. Run one or more automations against one or more Entities/Insights
* `DELETE /automations/{id}`. Delete an automation
* `GET /automations/{id}`. Get a specific automation
* `PUT /automations/{id}`. Update a specific automation

The Sumo Logic Terraform provider has also been updated. For more information, see the [Sumo Logic Terraform documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/SumoLogic/sumologic/latest/docs).

:::tip
The Automation Service uses the Cloud SOAR API. For more information about the API, click the **?** button in the upper right of the Cloud SOAR UI to see the API Documentation manual.
:::

### Tour the Automation Service

In this section we'll show you how an automation runs a playbook, which in turns runs actions that are provided by integrations. 

#### Step 1: View an automation
[Automations](#automations) add enrichments and create notifications for either Insights or Entities. You can set automations to run automatically when Insights are created or closed, or you can run them manually.
1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the Cloud SIEM UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

1. View the list of available automations. (If no automations display, you must first [create an automation](#create-an-automation) by clicking **New Automation**.)<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-automations-list.png')} alt="Automations list" width="800"/>
1. To see the playbook an automation runs, click the **Edit** button.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-edit-button.png')} alt="Automation edit button" width="800"/>
1. The playbook is shown.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-edit-dialog.png')} alt="Automation edit dialog" width="400"/>

#### Step 2: View the playbook for the automation
A [playbook](#playbooks) contains a series of actions that are performed when an automation runs.
1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the Cloud SIEM UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

   * Entities:
      1. Click **Automations** under the Entity's name. 
      1. Select an option under **Entity Automation**. 
      <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-entity-automations-menu.png')} alt="Automations menu on an Entity" width="250"/> 
 
#### Step 5: View enrichments
When automations run, they can provide enrichments to Insights, Entities, and Signals. 
1. Open an Insight, Entity, or Signal with enrichments provided by an automation. 
1. Click **Enrichments** at the top of the screen.
1. If [threat indicators are set by the enrichment](#enrichments-and-threat-indicators), they are displayed. The following example shows a **Malicious** threat indicator.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-malicious-threat-indicator.png')} alt="Threat indicator example" width="800"/> 

## Automations

Automations run playbooks to add enrichments and create notifications for either Insights or Entities. You can set automations to run automatically when Insights are created or closed, or you can run them manually.

### View automations
1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

> 1. View the list of available automations. (If no automations display, you must first [create an automation](#create-an-automation).<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-automations-list.png')} alt="Automations list" width="800"/> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. View the list of available automations. (If no automations display, you must first [create an automation](#create-an-automation)).<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-automations-list.png')} alt="Automations list" width="800"/> 
```

To view the automations that have run on Insights or Entities, see [View results of an automation](#step-4-view-results-of-an-automation).

### Create an automation
1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the Cloud SIEM UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

1. At the top of the automations screen, click **New Automation**.  (To modify an existing automation, click on the edit icon for the corresponding automation.)<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-automations-list.png')} alt="Automations list" width="800"/>
1. In the **New Automation** dialog, select a **Playbook** from the drop-down list. The playbook must be defined, and its type must be set to **CSE** before associating it with an automation. (You can set the type as **CSE** when you [create a new playbook](#create-a-new-playbook).)<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-new.png')} alt="New Automation" width="400"/>
1. Select whether the playbook will run on an **Entity** or **Insight**. This defines what data payload will be sent to the playbook from Cloud SIEM. 
1. If **Entity** is selected, in the **Type** field select one or more Entity types. The playbook will only execute on the Entity types selected. 

> 1. Select one or more **Execute when** Insight triggers: **Insight Created**, **Insight Closed**, or **Manually Done**. If **Manually Done** is not selected, the automation will not appear in any **Actions** menu on Insights or **Automations** menus on Entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select one or more **Executes when** Insight triggers: **Insight Created**, **Insight Closed**, or **Manually Done**. If **Manually Done** is not selected, the automation will not appear in any **Actions** menu on Insights or **Automations** menus on Entities.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-actions-menu.png')} alt="Automations on the Actions menu" width="200"/>

You will see three sections in the **Actions** menu:
* **Insight Automation**. Displays a list of all enabled Insight automations configured to run manually.
* **Entity Automation**. Displays a **Run Automations** option. Click **Run Automations** to open a dialog enabling you to select one or more Entity automations to run (see below).
* **Insight Actions**.  Displays a list of all valid legacy Insight Actions.

#### Run an automation manually on Entities

On [Entity details](/docs/cse/records-signals-entities-insights/view-manage-entities#about-the-entities-details-page) pages, Entity Automations can be run manually from the **Automations** drop-down menu:

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-entity-automations-menu.png')} alt="Automations menu on an Entity" width="250"/> 

:::tip
You can run the same automation more than once for a given Entity or Insight, but not at the same time. Additional attempts to run an automation while an instance is running will result in an error.
:::

#### Select Entities to run the automation on

> On an Insight if you select **Actions** > **Entity Automation > Run Automations**, you will be prompted to select one or more of the Entities included in the Insight:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On an Insight, if you select **Actions** > **Entity Automation > Run Automations**, you will be prompted to select one or more of the Entities included in the Insight:
```

   * No automation will run on the Hostname.

### View an automation's status

After [running an automation](#step-4-view-results-of-an-automation), you can go to the **Automations** tab for the Insight or Entity to view the automation's  status.  

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-execution-status.png')} alt="Automations execution status" width="800"/>

On each card you will find:
* The time and date when the automation was run.
* The name and description of the associated playbook.
* The playbook’s current status.
* A link to **View Playbook** in the Automation Service UI.

:::note
You may have to manually refresh this screen to see the most current status.
:::

If you click **View Playbook**, the Automation Service UI will open to the playbook status page:

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-playbook-status.png')} alt="Playbook status" width="600"/>

You can switch to the graphical view by clicking **Graph** in the upper-right corner:

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-playbook-status-graph.png')} alt="Playbook status graph" width="600"/>

### Enrichments and threat indicators

> You can view the results of enrichments in Cloud SIEM by navigating to the newly-redesigned **Enrichments** tab (which will appear on the Entity, Signal, and Insight details pages if there are any enrichments to display):

Reviewer: In six months, it won't be **newly redesigned**. Removing it keeps the content evergreen.

```suggestion
You can view the results of enrichments in Cloud SIEM by navigating to the **Enrichments** tab (which will appear on the Entity, Signal, and Insight details pages if there are any enrichments to display):
```

| **Suspicious** | ![indicator-suspicious-label.png](/img/cse/indicator-suspicious-label.png) | ![indicator-suspicious-icon.png](/img/cse/indicator-suspicious-icon.png) |
| **Not Flagged** | ![indicator-suspicious-label.png](/img/cse/indicator-notflagged-label.png) | None |

> No icon is displayed for Entities that with the Not Flagged label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No icon is displayed for Entities that with the **Not Flagged** label.
```

Support for three new optional attributes have been added to the enrichment schema:
* `expiresAt`. Defines when the enrichment should be auto-deleted from Cloud SIEM (by default, enrichments will never be auto-deleted).
* `externalUrl`. Defines a link that will be displayed with an enrichment (for example, to include a link to the VirusTotal details page for this Entity, put the link in this field).
* `reputation`. Associates a threat indicator with this enrichment data. The allowable values are `malicious`, `suspicious`, and `notflagged`. The default is not to display any reputation.

## Playbooks

A playbook is a predefined set of actions and conditional statements that run in an automated workflow to respond to a certain event or incident type. Playbooks can allow your organization's teams to respond to an incident in a consistent, focused, and repeatable fashion.

Playbooks can be configured to execute
automatically without user intervention, acting on information from the
incident, or can be executed in interactive mode, where user input is
required to authorize predefined actions.

### View playbooks

1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

1. From the **Automation** screen, click **Manage Playbooks**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-manage-playbooks.png')} alt="Manage Playbooks menu option" width="400"/>
1. View the list of playbooks available to run in automations.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-playbook-list.png')} alt="Automation Playbook list" width="800"/>
1. Select a playbook to see the elements in the workflow.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-open-playbook.png')} alt="Opened playbook" width="800"/>
1. Click the elements in the playbook to see their details. For example, click actions (the boxes in the flow) to see the [integration](#integrations) resources that provide the actions.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-action-example.png')} alt="Action example" width="600"/>

### Create a new playbook

1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the CSE UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**..<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**..<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

1. A new configuration box will be displayed. Name your new playbook.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-new-playbook-dialog.png')} alt="New playbook dialog" width="400"/>
1. Select the incident **Type** as **CSE** to run the playbook from an automation. (For playbooks run from inside another playbook, you can select another incident type to associate with it, for example, **Denial of Service**, **Malware**, **Phishing**, etc.)
1. Click **Save**. The new playbook appears in the list of available playbooks.
1. To configure the new playbook, select
it from the list and click the **Edit** button at the bottom of the
screen.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-new-empty-playbook.png')} alt="New playbook" width="600"/><br/>Opening the playbook will present a black screen with a **Start** node and an **End** node. These nodes dictate the beginning and the end of the playbook's automation sequence. They can be dragged and dropped anywhere on the screen to allow for multiple integrations and conditional statements to be executed.

> 1. To add the first node in the playbook, click the **+** on the **Start** node. The **Add Node** page is displayed.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-node.png')} alt="Add node" width="400"/><br/>Choose from the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To add the first node in the playbook, click the **+** on the **Start** node. The **Add node** page is displayed.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-node.png')} alt="Add node" width="400"/><br/>Choose from the following options:
```

   * [**Action**](#add-an-action-node-to-a-playbook): Automatically take specific actions such as enriching data or taking containment steps.
   * [**Condition**](#add-a-condition-node-to-a-playbook): Use conditional statements to define what actions should be taken in response to previous inputs.

>    * **Playbook**: Call other playbooks in response to conditional

Reviewer: Should this be linked?

```suggestion
   * [**Playbook**](#playbooks): Call other playbooks in response to conditional
```

 statements.

### Add an action node to a playbook

An action node in a playbook runs an enrichment or notification operation. String actions together in the playbook to perform a workflow. 

1. Either [create a new playbook](#create-a-new-playbook) as described above, or edit an existing playbook.
1. Click the **+** on the **Start** node.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-start-node.png')} alt="Start node" width="100"/><br/>

> 1. The **Add Node** page displays.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-node.png')} alt="Add node" width="400"/><br/>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **Add node** page displays.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-node.png')} alt="Add node" width="400"/><br/>   
```

1. Once you have entered all the information requested, click **Create**. The action node is added to the playbook.
1. Repeat the steps to add other action nodes. 
1. [Add condition nodes](#add-a-condition-node-to-a-playbook) if desired. 
1. When you are done configuring your playbook, click **Save** at the bottom of the window.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-save-playbook-button.png')} alt="Save the playbook" width="250"/> 
1. When you are ready to allow the playbook to be used in automations, click the **Publish** button at the bottom of the playbook window.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-publish-playbook.png')} alt="Publish the playbook" width="250"/> 

### Add a condition node to a playbook

Define a conditional statement to be met before the next node can be executed.

1. Either [create a new playbook](#create-a-new-playbook) as described above, or edit an existing playbook.
1. Click the **+** on the **Start** node.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-start-node.png')} alt="Start node" width="100"/><br/>

> 1. The **Add Node** dialog displays.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-node.png')} alt="Add node" width="400"/><br/>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The **Add node** dialog displays.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-node.png')} alt="Add node" width="400"/><br/>   
```

1. Select **Condition**. The condition node configuration dialog displays.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-condition-node.png')} alt="Add condition node" width="500"/>
1. Click **Create**. The empty condition appears on the playbook.
1. Draw a line from a previous action node to the new condition node. This is required to allow the condition to evaluate the output values from the previous action.
1. Now that you've linked the condition to an action, hover the mouse over the condition node and click the edit button on the node to configure the condition settings.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-edit-condition-node.png')} alt="Edit a condition node" width="150"/> 

> 1. The condition node configuration dialog displays again. Under **Condition1** click **Select a value**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-a-condition-3.png')} alt="Select values for the condition" width="500"/> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The condition node configuration dialog displays again. Under **Condition1**, click **Select a value**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-a-condition-3.png')} alt="Select values for the condition" width="500"/> 
```

1. Click **Get Value** and select from the drop-down menu whether the value will evaluate to **true (bool)**, **false (bool)**, or **empty**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-add-condition-node-2.png')} alt="Get values for the condition" width="500"/>

> 1. Under **Get value from a previous action** select the value to feed into the condition. The example shows **Get Devices** and **Playbook inputs** that came from the previous action. (The condition must be linked by a line to the previous action node to receive outputs from the action.) Click the options from the previous action and select which output type (for example, hashes, IP addresses, domains) to evaluate and add it to the condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Get value from a previous action**, select the value to feed into the condition. The example shows **Get Devices** and **Playbook inputs** that came from the previous action. (The condition must be linked by a line to the previous action node to receive outputs from the action.) Click the options from the previous action and select which output type (for example, hashes, IP addresses, domains) to evaluate and add it to the condition.
```

1. The selected output type will be displayed under **Condition 1**. Select which condition you would like for the output results to meet from the inequality operators below and click **Select a value** to define the condition.
1. Now that **Condition 1** is defined, you can choose to filter your
results further by selecting an **AND/OR** operator to define another
condition.
1. Click **Update**.
1. When you create a new condition, you need to define what happens
when their results meet one of your criteria. Draw lines to nodes to define the flow for success, failure, or other condition options.

## Integrations

Integrations are connectors to applications from industry-leading network and security vendors. Playbooks run actions provided by resources in integrations.      

:::info
Before you can use actions from an integration resource, you must [authorize the integration](#authorize-integrations) to work with the Automation Service.
:::

### View integrations

1. Click the **Configuration** button (gear icon) at the top of the UI.

> 1. Under **Integrations** select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under **Integrations**, select **Automation**.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-config-menu.png')} alt="Automation menu option" width="150"/>
```

If the certified integration resource was configured before the duplication process, all the settings will be saved and replicated inside the duplicated integration. There is no need to reset the duplicated integration.

Note that in the following example a **(2)** follows the duplicated integration's name, as well as the resource name. A **(3)** would follow the name of the next duplicate, **(4)** the next, and so on. Also note that the actions listed in the integration do not have the **Certified Actions** check mark, because they exist on a duplicated integration.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-integration-duplicated-resources-actions.png')} alt="No changes to duplicated resource actions" width="600"/>

 If you choose a duplicated resource when you [add an acton node to a playbook](#add-an-action-node-to-a-playbook), the actions available will be the ones belonging to the duplicated resource. The following example shows selecting an action from a duplicated resource.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-integration-add-comment-to-issue.png')} alt="Add comment to issue" width="600"/>

### Integrations framework

> The Cloud SOAR Integration Framework allows users to develop and extend integrations using a common, open and easy-to-use framework. For increased security and isolation, each integration is executed in its own Docker container, which can be easily customized when the integration is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud SOAR Integration Framework allows users to develop and extend integrations using a common, open, and easy-to-use framework. For increased security and isolation, each integration is executed in its own Docker container, which can be easily customized when the integration is created.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-bridge-installation-token.png')} alt="Installation token" width="800"/>

### Automation bridge installation

#### Ubuntu

1. Download the `automation-bridge-X.X.deb` and copy it on the bridge virtual machine.
1. To install the package run from ssh:
   ```
   sudo dpkg -i automation-bridge-X.X.deb
   ```

#### CentOS/RedHat

1. Download the `automation-bridge-X.X.rpm` and copy it on the bridge virtual machine.
1. To install the package run from ssh:
   ```
   sudo yum install automation-bridge-X.X.rpm
   ```
1. Edit the file `/opt/automation-bridge/etc/user-configuration.conf` and set the below mandatory parameters:
   * `1SOAR_URL1`
   * `1SOAR_TOKEN1`
1. To determine which is the correct SOAR_URL, see [Sumo Logic Endpoints by Deployment and Firewall Security](/docs/api/getting-started#sumo-logic-endpoints-by-deployment-and-firewall-security) and get the URL under the **API Endpoint** column. For example: `https://api.eu.sumologic.com/api/`

And you can set this optional parameter: `ALIAS`

An example of a configuration file would be:
```
{
"SOAR_URL": "https://
"SOAR_TOKEN": "
"SIEM_URL":"https://
"ALIAS": "
}
```

#### Bridge ALIAS

> With bridge ALIAS it is possible to distinguish which integration resources will be executed with this automation bridge. When a new integration resource is created or edited it is possible to select the default ALIAS or to create a new one. So every automatic action configured to use this resource will be performed with the Bridge that has the same ALIAS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With bridge ALIAS, it is possible to distinguish which integration resources will be executed with this automation bridge. When a new integration resource is created or edited it is possible to select the default ALIAS or to create a new one. So every automatic action configured to use this resource will be performed with the Bridge that has the same ALIAS.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-bridge-alias-create.png')} alt="Create ALIAS bridge" width="400"/>

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/cse/automations-bridge-alias-default.png')} alt="Use default ALIAS bridge" width="400"/>

#### Automation bridge update

For Ubuntu and CentOS/RedHat, the update process works as the installation process. Follow the same steps described in [Automation bridge installation](#automation-bridge-installation) above.

:::note
If you are not using the SIEM:
1. Set `SIEM_URL` to `NONE`.
1. Restart the service with:
   ```
   systemctl restart automation-bridge
   ```
1. If you need to allow automation-bridge communication through a proxy, edit the file `/etc/opt/automation-bridge/automation-bridge.conf` and set the correct value. Below is an example:
   ```
   HTTP_PROXY="http://proxy.example.com:8080\"
   HTTPS_PROXY="http://proxy.example.com:8080\"
   ```
1. Restart the service with:
   ```
   systemctl restart automation-bridge
   ```
:::

#### Post-installation checks

> To check if the bridge is running correctly run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check if the bridge is running correctly, run the following command:
```
